let's turn now to the northern town of B
lahia in Gaza which is being slowly
destroyed by weeks of Israeli strikes
five civilians were injured in the
latest attacks but the Israeli
operations seem to aim at killing and
uprooting the tens of thousands of
Palestinians who've remained in bite
lahia despite orders to leave Mor Al
khut is a journalist Bas in Gaza and
this is his
report the Israel forces targeted a
house in beia exactly in
the B around about here behind me is uh
the house of hamuda family and the the
the the the bounded resulted many
injures and dozens got wed from this uh
from this
attack my name is Ash mustfa ibraim Phil
and I live in this house he was sitting
with our daughters when the house was
struck by a bomb there are injuries but
nobody was killed
as you can see here behind me a civil
defense and neighbors are trying to
reach a people who got injured from this
attack make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler